Zhongyun Tiger Fang Junjie
Jiangbei Ren Chengsan, can you meet this gentleman?
That's the line I pulled back then
Why are you going to climb on the old head now?
Today is the ordinary past
There is no eternal big brother in the offline society of Dog Chengxiong
Only eternal interests
You know, you want money now, you don't have any money.
If you want a stall, there is no stall.
Come here
Boss, hurry up and get out with your pony
Who says we don't have stalls?
There are now 34 skilled workers at 13 stalls in the southern province
Nissan BRICS 3,000
It's all from my Crouching Tiger Villa
Hahahaha
Who is so big-mouthed?
Yo, the storage style, this wine hasn't been served yet
Start lying
I beg you to understand the situation
Who doesn't know now?
All the production stalls for boys
All owned by Qiangsheng Group
Mr. Lin
I hope you will take care of the boys' business in the future.
Hum well
If this dog becomes a bear, dare to cause you trouble again
Leave it to our Jiangbei Chamber of Commerce to handle it.
You, Lin Shengqiang, Lin Shengqiang
Don't think you control the stall
You can own these industries
What do you mean?
As long as I give the order
The stall worker will initiate a self-destruct program
At that time, you will not only be empty of bamboo baskets
And it will also become the number one target of awe
Ah!
Hahaha fuck
You stinky pony
Is this your place to speak?
Didn't your boss teach you?
Chuzuangfeng is not a horse boy now
He is the son-in-law of my ancient city line
The future head of Crouching Tiger Villa